morning xango Pat petrini here obviously
in san francisco and but i thought we'd
do this morning is I love San Francisco
CH one of my favorite cities to visit so
I thought I'd take a jogging tour of the
city and I thought I'd take you guys
along with me we'll do some some cool
videos cover some good information she's
some good sites and if everything goes
well we should probably cover about 20
miles or so today that'll be the goal is
kind of jogging all over the city here
so I've got a number of good videos
lined up that i'm looking forward to
first thing we're going to talk about is
one of my favorite topics and i think so
important is the time management and you
know just making the most of our most
valuable resources kind so we're going
to get into that starting with a
principle talk to me by cindy Samuelson
called the wealth formula and we'll get
into that in a minute in wherever we
arrive next that's picture worthy I
guess ok see you soon
all right to Rio xango part 1 of time
management we are heading towards Golden
Gate Park we're not quite there yet but
we're just kind of a little old army
barracks off the beach it looks like but
what I want to talk about first as far
as time management goes is something
that I learned samuelson a couple years
ago and cindy has has very much been you
know one of the one of my primary
mentors in my life from a professional
standpoint as well as from a personal
standpoint safety same as in at bob
schmidt has been my primary mentors in
terms of network marketing but a couple
of years ago when i first met Cindy she
taught me what is called the wealth
formula and I think that that is one of
the first things to understand when it
comes to get taking control of your time
and the basis of the wealth formula is
that we're all created equal in the
sense that we all have 24 hours in a day
okay that's just what separates us and
you know different people are where they
are because of the choices that they've
made on how to spend those 24 hours so
we have every day the next five years
are going to pass anyway right the next
five years are going to pass the only
thing that's going to determine where we
are five years now is how we choose to
spend the 24 hours that we're given
every single day so the the first thing
that you have to understand to
understand the wealth formula is
how many hours are actually are in a
week and of course you know grab your
calculator if your mental madness and
rusty and you're not sure what 24 x
seven is you'll find that it comes out
to 168 hours ok so now there are a few
basic things that we all have to do
every single week you know to get by in
this world we all have to sleep that's a
basic requirement i haven't figured out
how to locate that yet but so we all
have to sleep we all have to pay the
bills most of us are coming in to zengo
with not with a full time or with a full
time job you know so we have to pay the
bills and we all have to have time to
enjoy life also spend some intimate
friends family you know each induce
impose different types of things so I
let's start with we're all going to get
eight hours of sleep alright and of
course 8 times 7 is 56 that takes a 56
hours every single week the next thing
is working we've got to pay the bills
and 40 hours a week is a totally
arbitrary number there's no reason why
we should have to work 40 hours a week I
believe that page should be based on
productivity and not time spent but
that's not really the world that we live
in prostate on so the fact of the matter
is that for most people to pay the bills
they need to work for the hour and so
let's factor in that
so we can work hey the bills and then we
still got to live we got to have fun I
got enjoy life we got it see beautiful
places and do all those sorts of things
so let's let's give everybody six hours
every single day on average to do
whatever you want with if you want to
watch some TV hang out with friends you
have some recreation play some sports
whatever you want to do six hours every
day on average to do whatever you want
with now if you add all of that up and
you subtract it from the 168 168 hours
in the week guys there are still 30
hours a week left and that amazes a lot
of people people think that there's not
that much time in the week there's lots
of time you know but what do we do with
that 30 hours it gets piddled away and
time wasters and checking email you know
and just all this kind of stuff you know
TV whatever all this all this sort of
stuff but how you spend that 30 hours is
is what is ultimately going to determine
where you are five years from now if you
were you want to be how you choose to
spend that 30 hours so first thing that
cindy says to do is you take one hour a
day and you read so you take one hour a
day seven days a week and you read in
the quote bob schmidt bob says don't
read crap back so i think that's a good
good tip as well so that's seven hours
for reading every single week but
there's still 23 hours left you guys and
that is plenty of time to build a very
substantial sango business in that 23
hours that we have left and that that is
what is going to
and again where you are it's going to be
the books that you read the people that
you meet the relationships you build and
the profit that you make in those 23
hours or in those 30 hours that we have
left that's going to determine where we
are five years from now a year from now
a month from now whatever so so anyway
there you go that's the wealth formula
and we'll be back in a minute here with
part number two of time management see
you then